 MailChimp's Analytics360 is hook with the website statistics in the Dashboard. 
From a client point of view, MailChimp is very kindly released an excellent plugin into Google Analytics with the WordPress blog. Analytics360 ties into MailChimp account to track email, newsletter, and information in relation to blog post effectively and frequently. It lets people grab Traffic Stats, Email Marketing and Email List Manager Service and able to check all the stats of Google Analytics such as PageView/User, Search Terms, Key Words, ect without leaving WordPress. You would not miss out a thing!
 One great new about Analytics360 is users do not need a MailChimp account to use it but it is recommended. Analytics360 does have a few useful features for anyone who has an account because there’s a lot of support using MailChimp software and can get into their support network. It is always better to troubleshooting any problem that occurred. 
In addition, Analytics 360 is a 3-webinar series that use analytics program to improve online/offline marketing initiatives with the help of Google Analytics. In addition, the plugin has a robust means of visualizing site traffic as much as integrating data from blog posts to email campaigns. On top of that, Analytics360 can tell what effects user newsletter onto the traffic site at that moment. 
The implementation is not very difficult but the host must support PHP5 for the plugin to work in this case.  Installing this plugin may take some time to configure everything to best suit with the user needs. Users don’t need to be expert on the subject and the program itself might not need to redesign or re-architecture. Out of 5 best WordPress plugin, Analytics360 remains in third place because it has more than 150,000 downloads with an average 4.5 rating. 
In my opinion, using MailChimp is necessary because the users would get the most out of this plugin.

